🚀Preview Release (#432)
KinsonDigital/Velaptor: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.12.md

2. [#423](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/423) - Added the project **_README_** and **_LICENSE_** documents to the NuGet package.
    - This includes setting up the project README with comment and uncomment blocks of content for pre-processing by the GitHub organization's [CICD](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD) system.  Refer to issue [#121](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/121) for more information.
3. [#408](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/408) - Improved the project's outside **_CONTRIBUTING_** document.
4. [#404](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/404) - Set up the project to detect and set issues as stale using the stale bot [here](https://github.com/probot/stale).
5. [#395](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/395) - Updated the [CICD](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD) system for the project from version **_v1.0.0-preview.12_** to **_v1.0.0-preview.13_**.

> 6. [#395](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/395) - Added a release tweet template to the project for the [CICD](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD) system to use when performing releases.

Reviewer: Sentence structure
```suggestion
6. [#395](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/395) - Added a tweet release template to the project for the [CICD](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD) system to use when performing releases.
```

>    - This template is what is used when doing a preview or production release to send out a tweet about the release.

Reviewer: Wordy
```suggestion
   - This template is sends out a tweet when doing a preview or production release.
```
